update: SAML troubleshooting (#960)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/platform/howto/saml/add-identity-providers.md

## Troubleshooting

If you have issues, you can use the
[SAML Tracer browser extension](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/saml-tracer/)
to check the process step by step.

### Authentication failed

If you get an authentication failed error when launching the Aiven SAML application,

> ask your organization admin to ensure they enabled **IdP initiated login**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ask your organization admin to confirm that **IdP-initiated login** is enabled.
```
